feat: Add es samples for 11.2.2 (#15)
IBM/ibm-event-automation: event-streams/README.md

> #  Event Streams Samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  Event Streams samples
```

> This directory contains the below folders/files that can be used for different features provided by Event Streams :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following folders and files contain sample configurations you can use to set up Event Streams:
```

> - cr-examples : Examples of various custom resources managed by the Event Streams operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- cr-examples: Sample configurations you can base your Event Streams deployment on.
```

> - grafana-dashboards : Examples to configure cluster health using prometheus and grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- grafana-dashboards: Sample Grafana dashboard configuration files to help you set up cluster health monitoring with Prometheus and Grafana.
```

> - kibana-dashboards : Json sample to configure kibana dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- kibana-dashboards: Sample JSON configuration files to help you set up Kibana dashboards for Event Streams.
```
(although there's only one)

> - metrics-config : Example configuration for Kafka / Zookeeper metrics collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- metrics-config: Sample configuration to collect Kafka and Zookeeper metrics. 
```

> - eventstreams-scc.yaml : The minimal security context constraints required for EventStreams and its components to function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- eventstreams-scc.yaml: The minimal security context constraints (SCCs) required for Event Streams and its components to function.
```
